API Generator: Allow setting individual permissions per operation (#1653)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/sweet-spies-drum.md

---
"@comet/cms-api": minor
---

> Allow setting individual permissions per operation as this can be required if some users may not be allowed to update an entity. This is a additional option so no changes required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Generator: Allow setting individual permissions per operation

This can be necessary if some users aren't allowed to perform certain operations, e.g., updating an entity.
```

The changeset should typically have a short title and optionally additional description in a new line if necessary.

Author: thank you for this info and your fix, I used the changeset cli command and there was no hint how this should be formatted.
